Login
Join TechCrunch+
Search
TechCrunch+
Startups
Venture
Security
AI
Crypto
Apps
Events
More
Threads, Instagram’s Twitter competitor, is expected July 6
Amanda Silberling


Government & Policy
Pornhub blocks access in Mississippi, Virginia and Utah amid changing laws
Amanda Silberling

Hardware
Apple reportedly slashes Vision Pro production, pushes back cheaper model
Brian Heater

Social
Twitter competitors soar after yet another bad Musk move
Amanda Silberling

Market Analysis
The remote work startups that will last aren’t actually remote work startups
Rebecca Szkutak

The Latest
Transportation
Rivian delivers first electric vans to Amazon in Europe
Rebecca Bellan
7:47 PM CDT•July 3, 2023
Amazon has begun rolling out its custom electric delivery vans from Rivian in Europe, the e-commerce giant said Monday. This will be Rivian’s first commercial shipment of vans outside the Uni...

Social
Threads, Instagram’s Twitter competitor, is expected July 6
Amanda Silberling
6:23 PM CDT•July 3, 2023
Instagram’s rumored Twitter competitor just dropped on the iOS App Store in the U.S. The app will be called Threads, and according to App Store data, it’s expected to launch on July 6. ...

Social
Twitter competitors soar after yet another bad Musk move
Amanda Silberling
5:14 PM CDT•July 3, 2023
Twitter was even messier than usual this weekend. On Saturday, owner Elon Musk tweeted that Twitter would combat “extreme levels of data scraping,” by limiting accounts that don’t...
Twitter bird melting.

(opens in a new window)(opens in a new window)(opens in a new window)(opens in a new window)(opens in a new window)
Link Copied
Space
Max Q: Virgin Galactic’s triumphant first commercial flight
Aria Alamalhodaei@breadfrom / 5:00 PM CDT•July 3, 2023
 Comment
Max Q space stars
Hello and welcome back to Max Q!

In this issue:

What the future holds for Virgin Galactic 
News from NASA, and more
Virgin Galactic’s first commercial flight brings payloads and passengers to edge of space
Virgin Galactic completed its first commercial flight, sending 13 scientific payloads and four humans — including three officials from the Italian Air Force — to the edge of space and back. The 90-minute flight went off without a hitch, and its success marks the entrance of a new era for the 19-year-old space tourism company.

Virgin Galactic has major ambitions to fly paying customers, which could include private citizens, or those representing governments or other institutions, to suborbital space on at least a monthly basis. The company is gearing up for its next commercial mission in August, and is continuing to develop its next-gen class of specialized aircraft. While there’s plenty of work ahead for the company, this first mission is certainly a good start.


A passenger holds the Italian flag up as the craft reaches the edge of space. Image Credits: Virgin Galactic


In other news…
Airmo, a German startup with plans to launch a 12-satellite constellation to monitor greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, closed €5.2 million ($5.7 million) in pre-seed funding. That includes venture dollars and a contract with the European Space Agency (ESA).

Anduril Industries has acquired Adranos, a startup that manufactures solid rocket motors for in-space and terrestrial applications — news that’s not related to the space industry, but which I find interesting nonetheless.


Lynk, a satellite-to-phone connectivity provider, has made its debut in Palau, with the company’s “cell towers in space” providing coverage to the entire country.

Ramon.Space, a space computing startup, raised $26 million from Ingrasys, a Foxconn Technology Group subsidiary, and the United Arab Emirates’ Strategic Development Fund.

Spire Global and Germany-based OroraTech announced that they would put a constellation of eight global temperature and wildfire-monitoring satellites into orbit by mid-2024.

Max Q is brought to you by me, Aria Alamalhodaei. If you enjoy reading Max Q, consider forwarding it to a friend. 

More TechCrunch


Austin Russell became the youngest self-made billionaire in 2021; now he owns Forbes

Threads, Instagram's Twitter competitor, is expected July 6

Twitter competitors soar after yet another bad Musk move

To boost greenhouse productivity, Skytree is using space station CO2 scrubbers

Please login to comment
Login / Create Account

TechCrunch Disrupt
Sept 19-21 San Francisco, CA
Register Now
Sign up for Newsletters
See all newsletters(opens in a new window)


Daily

Week in Review

Startups Weekly

Event Updates

Advertising Updates

TechCrunch+ Announcements

TechCrunch+ Events

TechCrunch+ Roundup

Email
Subscribe
(opens in a new window)(opens in a new window)(opens in a new window)(opens in a new window)(opens in a new window)
https://tcrn.ch/3JDGR3p
Copy
Tags
Space
Max Q: Virgin Galactic’s triumphant first commercial flight
Aria Alamalhodaei
5:00 PM CDT•July 3, 2023
In this issue: What the future holds for Virgin Galactic, news from NASA and more.
Max Q space stars
Transportation
EV maker Arrival’s second SPAC is now a dead SPAC
Kirsten Korosec
4:30 PM CDT•July 3, 2023
Troubled commercial EV maker Arrival has just ended a deal to merge — for the second time in less than three years — with a special purpose acquisition company. Arrival initially went public in Mar...
Arrival EV Van parked at loading docks
Venture
Molly Alter leaving Index Ventures for Northzone
Christine Hall
4:12 PM CDT•July 3, 2023
Molly Alter is joining venture capital firm Northzone after being a partner with Index Ventures since 2020.
Image of a glossy white ceramic ball moving along an oscillating curve against a blue background.
Government & Policy
Pornhub blocks access in Mississippi, Virginia and Utah amid changing laws
Amanda Silberling
3:46 PM CDT•July 3, 2023
Pornhub is blocking access from users in Mississippi, Virginia and Utah, which have recently passed laws that require age verification to access adult websites. Similar legislation went into effect...
Pornhub logo
Apps
As Twitter flounders, Mastodon refreshes its official app for Android users
Sarah Perez
2:48 PM CDT•July 3, 2023
While Twitter is busy limiting the number of readable tweets and breaking its TweetDeck app, open source Twitter alternative Mastodon is celebrating the launch of a significant refresh of its Andro...

TechCrunch Disrupt 2023
Sep 19 - 21
July 4th Sale - Early Bird Prices Rollback - Save $800!
TechCrunch Disrupt
Hardware
Apple reportedly slashes Vision Pro production, pushes back cheaper model
Brian Heater
1:22 PM CDT•July 3, 2023
What would success look like for the Vision Pro? It’s still an open question — or, perhaps, a series of interrelated questions. First is how many Apple expects to sell, and what industry anal...
Apple Vision Pro headset
Sign up for Newsletters
See all newsletters(opens in a new window)


Daily

Week in Review

Startups Weekly

Event Updates

Advertising Updates

TechCrunch+ Announcements

TechCrunch+ Events

TechCrunch+ Roundup

Email
Subscribe
Privacy
Stop using Google Analytics, warns Sweden’s privacy watchdog, as it issues over $1M in fines
Natasha Lomas
12:27 PM CDT•July 3, 2023
Sweden’s data protection watchdog has issued a couple of fines in relation to exports of European users’ data via Google Analytics which it found breach the bloc’s privacy ruleboo...
Photo illustration of the logo of freemium web analytics service Google Analytics is displayed on a smartphone.
Where we’ll be next
Security
Google’s Gradient backs YC alum Infisical to solve secret sprawl
Paul Sawers
12:18 PM CDT•July 3, 2023
Secret sprawl, where companies store authentication credentials and similar sensitive data across multiple locations, is a real and growing problem for any company wanting to avert a security breac...
Concept illustration depicting privacy and security.
AI
Valve responds to claims it has banned AI-generated games from Steam
Devin Coldewey
11:49 AM CDT•July 3, 2023
Valve has issued a rare statement after claims it was rejecting games with AI-generated assets from its Steam games store. The notoriously close-lipped developer of the Half-Life series and de fact...
illustration of chatbot on a laptop screen
Hardware
The M4 robot transforms to roll, fly and walk across various terrains
Brian Heater
11:36 AM CDT•July 3, 2023
If you’ve followed robots with any frequency, you’ve no doubt encountered the wheel versus leg debate. Why, for instance, should a warehouse opt for a legged Digit robot instead of a rolling Locus ...
M4 robot
Media & Entertainment
Netflix adds ‘Insecure’ as more HBO shows, including ‘Six Feet Under,’ are on the way
Aisha Malik
11:19 AM CDT•July 3, 2023
Comedy-drama TV series “Insecure” is the first HBO title heading to Netflix, with more on the way. Netflix announced today that all five seasons of “Insecure,” which aired o...
Issa Rae from HBO's "Insecure."
Apps
AudioPen is a great web app for converting your voice into text notes
Ivan Mehta
11:03 AM CDT•July 3, 2023
There are many note-taking apps, ranging from Apple Notes and Google Keep to Obsidian and Notion. Most of them use text as the primary input method and provide features around it. Developer Louis P...
open laptop
Anthony Padilla and Ian Hecox of Smosh
Featured Article
Anthony Padilla and Ian Hecox usher in the new era of Smosh
In their first YouTube video together in seven years, Ian Hecox and Anthony Padilla summoned a de...
Morgan Sung
9:52 AM CDT•July 3, 2023
Venture
Lina Zakarauskaite is elevated from principal to partner at London’s Stride VC
Mike Butcher
9:32 AM CDT•July 3, 2023
London-based VC Stride has appointed Lina Zakarauskaite, formerly a principal at the firm, as its newest partner. The move follows the departure of partner Cleo Sham a month ago to pursue new ventu...
Lina Zakarauskaite, Stride VC
Transportation
Rivian shares pop on better-than-expected Q2 deliveries
Kirsten Korosec
9:30 AM CDT•July 3, 2023
Rivian delivered 12,640 electric vehicles in the second quarter, a nearly three-fold increase from the same period last year when the EV upstart was in the thick of supply chain problems. Rivian al...
Rivian getting charged
Venture
Kenya’s MyDawa aims to be an all-in-one health platform backed by $20 million funding
Annie Njanja
9:25 AM CDT•July 3, 2023
Kenyan e-health startup MyDawa has raised $20 million from private equity investor Alta Semper Capital to expand its regional reach and product offerings with the aim of becoming an all-in-one heal...
Kenya's MyDawa aims to be an all-in-one health platform after raising $20 million. Priscilla Muhiu is the new MyDawa CEO.
TechCrunch Disrupt 2023
Three days left to snag a TechCrunch Disrupt 2023 pass at early-bird prices
Lauren Simonds
9:00 AM CDT•July 3, 2023
We interrupt your holiday weekend for this quick reminder. You have only three days left to take advantage of our Fourth of July early-bird price rollback sale. Right now through Wednesday, July 5 ...
TC DIsrupt 2023, Sept 19-21, 2023, San Francisco, 3 days left of 4th of July sale
Load More

About
TechCrunch
Staff
Contact Us
Advertise
Crunchboard Jobs
Site Map
  Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
TechCrunch+ Terms
Privacy Dashboard
Code of Conduct
About Our Ads
  Trending Tech Topics
Tech Layoffs
ChatGPT
  Facebook(opens in a new window)Twitter(opens in a new window)YouTube(opens in a new window)Instagram(opens in a new window)LinkedIn(opens in a new window)Mastodon(opens in a new window) 
© 2023 Yahoo.All rights reserved.Powered by WordPress VIP(opens in a new window).
